Connecting to a cluster in AWS (#2532)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/overview/04_responsibility_model.mdx

-   EDB is responsible for deploying, managing, and monitoring the underlying infrastructure supporting your clusters.
-   You are responsible for choosing the appropriate configuration for your workload, including instance type, storage, and configuration.
-   You are responsible for managing your cloud resource limits to ensure the underlying infrastructure can be provisioned.

## Backups and restores

> -   EDB is responsible for taking backups and archiving transaction logs and storing them in your cloud resource instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   EDB is responsible for taking backups and archiving transaction logs and storing them in your cloud object storage instances.
```

Author: Fixed.

> -   EDB is responsible for taking backups and archiving transaction logs and storing them in cross-regionally-durable cloud resource instances. 

Author: Removed "ross-regionally-durable" this is already mentioned in detail in the back up and storage page.
